3 minutes of 2 minutes of dialogue. So I need some fundamental questions. Who's on stage? Let's have one man in the chair. Mm hmm. And someone yet to be determined, may not even be the other second character, but someone is doing other stuff in the room. Okay. Other than the barber? I don't know if it's the barber. There's no barber. The barber is... Oh, barbers were not excluded from commerce. So, uh... So who's cutting the hair? Are they both barbers? That's a question. Oh, right. The characters. Well, there's 2 people on stage. Aubrey, and, uh... What's the other guy's first name? George. Really? Felix? George. Of George. George. George Weatherby. You know, George Weatherby. They are, uh, what is their ethnic background? They are not Cuban. Well, what names like that, they are not Cuban. They are Americans, or... They're floridians. We could fight over this for six months, and we'll come up with fluriding. It gives you the second stage without having to go there. The culture of it is Floridian. Even though they've been there for 25 years in one chair, barbershop, that's a funny setting. Mm hmm. Yeah, so there are two borders that share that one chair. Right. They probably are from Florida. Uh, they got there in some amusing way, which I think we might want to consider, um, how they got there. Tour... a funny tour. Just as a one man, one half a barbershop was funny by its nature. What's... What's a good, uh, honey? They, they, uh, missed the cruise boat. They missed getting back on the cruise boat. That's good. That's a good one. I buy that one. That's a good start. That's a good one, yeah. If you're gonna put that in the minutes of the minutes. Um, what's the issue? There has to be an issue, and remember, the shape of a play, is the action gets stronger, stronger, stronger, stronger, to the Nuno. And it gets weaker, weaker, weaker, and then at the very end, jumps back up. That's the way the action is expected, and that's where you end up writing every time, including the Holy Bible. So we have to know what is considered the peak, what is considered the trough. And those are decisions that we put in, and the next meeting, we... Where are they, you know? We're gonna manufacture this thing and not... Yeah. Where did you guys get, you know, back here? The two people got there from the cruise for being on the cruise, but somehow we're left there, and maybe it's because, well, see, Paul said they just missed the boat. and didn't get back on. Or they were not allowed off because they had done something. Nice. Or they got drunk. They got they got drug, or they were, they did something illegal or wrong, and they wouldn't allow them back off. Mm-hmm. Something that may not be revealed early in the play. Right. But that underlines underlies... Okay, two more questions for you. Do they speak Spanish? It would be funny if they were there for 25 years. I was gonna say that. They would have to, if they lived there, and they have a barbershop. So this putting that in, we'll make a decision next telephone call. What do they do with their time? No discussion here. Second thing is, are there other characters that show up? Yeah. Yeah. Give me an example. Even throughout the whole book? No. Give me an example. Yeah, That would be interesting if nobody showed up at the barbershop. This isn't the final decision. This is just your instinct. Yeah. Give us a shot. Well, you're thinking... I'll reach you the first little bit. Mm hmm. Who introduces... the situation? George. George. Let me show you what, uh, introduction of an individual on stage looks like. We know that the action starts sort of in the middle. It rises to the denouement. It drops well below zero, and at the very end, has peaks up. They expect that, and that's what they get. And it works. So they all, they have an issue that they will discuss and misconform each other, lie, uh... Do all kinds of things, do everything that... people actually do when they get in a position for having to make a decision. Any other ways of introducing them? By the end of the first scene of the first act, we have to know who they are. What are they? How old are they? How tall are they? Just spread it out. Any ideas? Um, middle aged. Middle aged. Mm hmm. What would that be? You're gonna build this? Set 40s, '50s. Okay. You're gonna build... you're gonna, are you either one of us that's gonna build the character? No. Who is? I thought, well, the three of us would... No, no. You're gonna have somebody that's driving it. If somebody who sets the goal, operates the goal, destroys the goal, you get mush. Alright? You choose. You build it. So what is what is their age? I'd say that's a good age. Mm hmm, what? Forty. Forty. All right. Yeah. Okay. Both of them are the same age? Yes. Okay. You can ask me questions, 'cause this is my... Yeah. My introduction. And they're, they're, they're white guys. I don't like that yet. We don't know what their... I don't know if they're white. I don't know if they're Indian, would be... Well, with names like that. George Weatherbee? That's pretty white. That's white, that's a white cracker. That's true. I think George, whoever... And then the other one, who's the other one? Interesting as a woman? Aubrey. That's a white, cellar white guy. There's no conclusions here. No. So you're not answering a question. You're making a decision. that hopefully is not just fulfilling an obligation of giving you an opportunity to do something funny. Mm hmm. I want to hear what you wrote, yes. Let me give you an example, because we will end up having to come up with 25 skits. Some skits will be just 10 words long, but others will go on. This I love. I just thought of it. George is a lousy barber. Is that Alty one? Barber. Oh, barber. And Aubrey, when he comes on stage, he's got patches of hair that's missing, and it's combed over. It's the worst haircut. You could ever imagine. And he's fussy, and we can't make him overly gay anymore. But we can make him the sensitive one. All right. With a really deep cut... in his conscience. Hmm. If you can get that, that would be good. Because we have to create a problem, solve the problem, and then the problem starts to solve us. So that's what's going on. We had a lot of filling in to make it work. Okay. Enough for that. On the call, we'll have about 10, 12 questions. Got any funny ones? Did you look at the scotchbook? Is there some way that you can get another character on without putting them on? And blah, blah, blah, blah. All right. You're building it up, somebody may have a project or get an idea, right? All the dialogue, and that's fine. This is a collaborative effort. And it will come out with a funny play. we will put it on. Okay, shall we just... First trip. is going to be a comedy. Yes, it's a comedy. Do you agree? Yeah. Mm hmm. I see. It is an amusing. dialogue on a heavy subject. And it's hard to believe that a barber with a terrible haircut, uh, owns half a barber chair in Cuba because they got drunk or... Well, that's the funny thing, is the one who's good at cutting hair, has the horrible haircut. Because the other guy... Lots of plays. Yeah. Just an idea of owning half a barbiture, goddamn. I do have one... I have one line. Let me try a side burn again. You got it. I got the idea. Okay, the first thing that we're gonna talk here is basically the style. Not real dialogue. That's well into 3rd or 4th call. But, uh, The way we did it here is, uh... We talked to... What is it again? The AI? Buddy. Buddy. Oh. We asked Buddy, as it turns out, extremely stupid questions, and he answered with clear understanding on his part, that we're just trying to steal a play from the world, and not really think it through. So, if you look closely, about 95% of what you and I did has been crossed out. Did you crush that? I did. Oh. This is the first reading. Who is going to introduce the project? Well, we talked about that a little bit. We have... George Weatherbee on the chair. I believe that that's what we established. What else does it say? What this section is, is to introduce the problem. Remembering that, it gets worse, it gets worse, it gets worse, it gets worse. The tide begins to turn, better and better, better, better, better, better, better, worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible. First words are spoken are from Aubrey. Alright. We could assemble... without... interference. All the world's religious creeds and all the organizations and charitable, this and that. We could try to. create a analytical engine. That... could be followed... here... for generations. And those words were made a number of things clear, what were they? Would you repeat the words? And they're talking, we'll figure out whether there's one or two, 'cause it could just be one thing. Well, then we could do this. There's nobody armed but him. Mm hmm. And he could rage around with the apron on, and so we don't have to have both of them on, and we don't have to have anybody on stage. Mm hmm. This is the first one half barber chair play ever written. Well, what would it be? We could gather together all the information into an analytical engine. that, uh, could inspire... This, this, it could inspire future generations. What is that? that I just did? I created the setting for which we will see if things get better and better and better and better, and then pee can get worse and worse and worse, so we're. We're setting in just a few sentences. gathered together all the world's knowledge. That's absurd. Two guys who got stuck in a cheap cruise. I have a notion. Yeah. One of them has a child. A grown, a grown, you know, 19, 20 year old child. who is coming to visit for the first time. I like it. They haven't seen them for years. And Aubrey... is... Oh, bring us the child. You see the one? Let's have him have the child. Aubrey has... Because you started with him speaking there. This is a big moment for him to pass his knowledge of the world. What he knows, and how he knows it, onto the next generation. Good, that's excellent. I like that. Yeah. Are you writing that down so you can reproduce it? Yes. You'll notice, in the first half a page here, virtually everything was crossed out. No, was that your total dictation, or was that AI? No. This is... our Paul's and... Eli Paul dictated that. Those words. Okay. There's some of what AI said, but he basically, but he basically repeated what we said. But he is not in this plan. You didn't write any of it. No, not a word. He's not in the play. Yeah, I know. But I was just wondering... So this is the transcript that includes both what Dad and I said and what Buddy said. But were very hard to eliminate everything that Freddy said. But, uh, we're getting rid of what he said, but using, we used that to kind of get ideas on the table. We're going to a library, we... Yeah. We got a very vanilla answer until I really pressed him when I discovered it. So you asked Buddy questions? We described it to him. Yeah. And then he'd say it back. Oh, I see. And then we would say, Yeah, you got this right, and you got that wrong, and here's another idea. You were writing a story? Well, it was, it was more... The AI was helping us get ideas. Are you familiar with... Uh, described. The joy. Yeah. You're familiar with the job, uh, librarian's assistant? Before computers, there was someone who had a big desk. It was a very important person. And they were the reference librarian. Mm hmm. But he is nothing more than a reference, right, uh, librarian. Yeah, that's not an exaggeration, that's all they are. That's right. They are a bunch more efficient. But, like, big encyclopedias. Yeah, they're encyclopedia. Yeah, they... But you can do it. It's, like, minutes instead of five hours. And it's forcing us to go to the edge of experience, which I think is good. But there's no direct quotes whatsoever across them all up. I should give you a heads up. I'm gonna crash in about 10, 15 minutes. Oh, baby. It's quarter of 10. 5 to 10. 11 them Yeah, okay. It's 10 o'clock. Yeah. We could use our skills as an analytical engine. Do you like that analytical engine? Yeah. It's a good work. And then the practical end of the first scene, which is not really a curtain thing, and it's just a continuation, but the first chunk of the hill climbing, getting better, they decide. The pickings are very slim. And nobody writes plays about half a barbershop chair. So it might be worth it, even though the pickings are slim. It's probably something they can do. The rest of it. You mean the characters are writing a story? No. They're living it. Yes, sir. On the boat. So then, I miss... not understanding what you're saying there, in terms of the pickings are slim. That is, our pickings are slim, or I don't, I didn't follow the... There's an invisible character on there called Buddy. He's a reference librarian. He's a woman 54 years old. He sits in the desk through a leather top, and she brings, and eats it in the rear, the retiring room, that they have set up for educational projects during the cruise. All right. That's all you get about that. Okay. So he's not a character. He's never mentioned. Mm hmm. There's no such thing as a litter efforts librarian anymore. That was our take when we would ask him a question. But it's really no different than what is the rule that sets the date of Hanukkah? Do you know that rule? No. Do you use, like, the third Wednesday after the celestial event happens? That's all he offers us. Uh huh. And there was a play written about that called The Movable Feast. Hmm, yeah. This is not the movable feast. This is George. And Aubrey. Half owners of a barber chair in Cuba. If you aren't... I can see... I can see. George, say, is that really what you think? Take top off of the barber chair and leaves. So, I'm not gonna go over these notes, but I rejected everything. It shows. There's a lot of room. Out of it with this. that we have a sufficient knowledge of mathematics and advanced mathematics, that we can incorporate, because before they got stranded on the boat to Cuba, they were assistant professors in mathematics department. All right, that gives a lot of cover for the... the math. Good. All right. All right. Last one, last read, and then we're done. Mm hmm. Well, how are we gonna do this? Well, what we're gonna do is we're gonna pretend that we have an entertainment opportunity, because the people in Cubit cruises, by the way, the cruise, is... has... Can you guess what country, this flag, does the cruise ship? carrying? Hmm. We did a lot of Norwegian. Yeah. What is there? They are the flagship. Norway? There's only one flag, one ship. What is the... whose flag does it carry? Norway's good. Nor way? What do you think? In Norway, Italy. I will relieve you of the decision. The... the, uh... cruise company... carries the flag of Uganda. Okay. These are two... Scots... or Somalian. We can't get to Somalia now, so we use your gun. Or something ridiculous. Yeah. I mean, you can't have the swimming pool, and... the drunken 52 year old woman, and all that sort of stuff. It's not a normal cruise ship. It's what would happen if everybody got stuck where they were... in the dialogue. Every time we talk about half a barber chair, we chuckle inside. Because that's a funny idea. Mm. And there will be, that's what the play is made of. It's funny, ideas, we can try situations. Mm hmm. And... Yeah, so we should... ridiculous. They had Richard Byer. A funny, ridiculous... Teaching everybody mathematics. Yeah. You look over 50% of them, and then you pick up the more unusual and unexpected kind of thing. That's what it is. It's the unexpected nature that makes people want to see a circus or one of those Chinese things where they jump in the air. If we can make it work, I think it might be enough that the sample that they take at the embassy would want us more than otherwise. So you've got to grow in. That, that's, gives you an idea that none of those words will be used. But there's a couple of interesting ideas. Mm hmm. And you fit them in, and then you jam some stuff in it. And then, as it gets deeper and deeper, you realize these are truly mathematicians. And they will explain things to you, you don't know about it, but what you like. Mm hmm. You could take, like, 50% of what we're looking. We're looking for a pattern that no one else has found. How many have a goddamn barber chairs do people own anyway? We have to... patterns may exist that measure one or two independent variables. You don't want an independent variable, as you've been on this ship for seven years. Mm hmm. That, in itself, is fun. is a surprise. They've been there for seven years. Captured by the United States. See, what it is, you take all the religions, and all the creeds, and the charities, and all that, you know what I'm telling you? Maybe mainly non religion, but like the Knights of Templar, Malta, or something of that sort, and you sell like snake oil. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Excellent. Yeah, very good. Could we actually did this?